[suspenseful music]
Soon my plan to become mayor
and destroy Tom and Ben Enterprises
will be complete.
[evil laughter]
Um, Uncle?
Don't you remember what just happened?
Tom had a secret system
to become mayor.
But when it was stolen by you,
it all came down
to the Mayor Factor competition.
And you did not win. Tom won.
I know but it's not fair!
I want to be mayor!
Ow!
Now my kicking leg hurts.
This is the worst day of my whole life!
[the CEO cries]
[sighs]
[upbeat music] Ah!
Argh!
♪  Whoa-ohhh!  ♪
[laughs]
Ah!
[both gasp]
Everybody, remain seated.
No sudden moves!
I'm doing a security sweep
for the new mayor.
Sir, do you mind telling me
why you aren't eating that soup?
I'm waiting for it to cool down.
Sir, I'm gonna need you
to eat that soup.
[kettle boiling]
All clear!
Thanks, Ginger.
I don't really need security.
-Check that guy over there.
-I'm on it!
Now, let's get down to business.
Bah! Way ahead of you.
We have to decide when I'm supposed
to wear my mayor sash
and when I should probably wear
my mayor button.
That's not what I meant.
I'm talking about the minor civic
infrastructure issues
that urgently need to be dealt with.
Whoa! I don't know
what those words mean.
But I do know that being mayor is
about wearing sashes, cutting ribbons,
and making sure everyone is happy...
which they are.
I'm not happy, Mr. Mayor.
I'm tired,
my shows weren't on last night,
and earlier today I stepped on a bee.
Sounds like a job for Mayor Tom.
Let's see that foot.
-Tom, no!
-Hmmm.
Rhonda's complaints and feet have nothing
to do with a mayor's responsibilities.
Oh, yeah, you're probably right.
Besides, no one is really happy, I mean...
Joe the dishwasher has a hangnail.
-Lucy's laptop broke.
-Argh!
Oh, and Marv put a red sock
with all the whites
and ruined his laundry.
I had no idea people were so unhappy.
I have to do something about this.
Ahem! Citizens!
I am your mayor and I want to put
your simple minds at ease.
I hereby promise that I will not rest
until everyone in this town is happy.
Yes, you heard that right!
Until everyone is happy.
Tom, you can't promise that.
Oh, right.
That's not a promise.
That's a guarantee!
Oh, no!
Thank you, thank you.
Now you can return
to putting food in your mouths.
You heard the mayor!
Everybody back to lunch!
That means you, sir.
[muffled music]
Excuse me!
I don't see a pep in your step!
Why are you so unhappy?
Hey, what's going on?
Why are you screaming at strangers?
Guys, a lot of people
in this town aren't happy
and that means I'm not the mayor
I promised to be.
Tom, there's always gonna be
unhappy people in a town.
And happy people.
And angry people.
And...
That's why they call it a town!
Not in my town. Not on my watch.
Hey, you! What's your problem?
Me? People keep yelling at me.
Who's yelling at you-- Oh, ah.
I see.
Great, now I'm part of the problem.
Tom, things aren't so bad.
Look, there's a park concert, featuring
DJ Joy and The Magic Spider Band.
There's gonna be tons of happy people!
I guess we could go check it out.
I bet the mayor gets in for free.
Who's going to work
the complaint booth until you get back?
OK, I'll do it.
Come on, boys!
[upbeat music] [crowd cheers]
♪ Happy, happy, happy, happy ♪
♪ Oooh-aaah-aaah! ♪
♪ Oooh-oooh-aaah! ♪
See, Tom? There were happy people
everywhere.
Even during the sad songs.
Yeah! Everyone was having fun
and everyone was happy.
If only there was some similar way
to make the whole town happy.
[gasps] Wait a minute!
Research shows that you need
three things to be a good mayor:
F, U--
[all gasp] Oh!
-And N.
-Aaah!
Fun.
So, we're having a fun town party.
[splutters] What? Tom!
Fun is not going to address
any of the underlying issues
with our town's civic infrastructure.
Ben's right. Let's party!
[splutters] No!
This party will make everybody happy.
It's what a mayor is supposed to do.
A mayor is supposed to...
Hold on, I have a spreadsheet.
Hmm. A mayor is supposed to:
dust the welcome sign,
pull the dandelions
from the sidewalk cracks,
hand out big checks
and cut ribbons with big scissors!
You seem upset.
Sounds like you need a party.
An F-U-N town party.
-No, I do not.
-Come on, Ben.
-No!
-Oh, yeah?
Then why are you wearing a party hat?
[splutters]
How did this get on my head?
Quiet on the set, people!
Whole lot of work!
All right, Tom.
Action!
Hello, town. It's time to face facts.
Some of you are unhappy
and it's my duty to fix that with...
a town party!
Feeling down about broken traffic lights?
Well, come get down
with our laser lights!
Worried that tap water tastes like rust?
Dump that water
and drink some party punch!
[mimics] We feel like
our voice isn't being heard!
Then turn up the volume
on the karaoke stage!
♪ So, come to the town party, yeah! ♪
-Yah!
-Aaah!
Argh!
What?
Ma'am, do you have
permission to be here?
-Argh!
-Aaah!
You know? It's days like this
where a mayor is glad
that he can do something great
for this beautiful town.
[crowd cheers]
[thumping music]
Yeah! Whoo!
Ha-ha!
Got to admit, it's a pretty great party.
I know. The grocery store is giving
away mermaid costumes.
Mr. Mayor! Mr. Mayor!
I know I complained before,
but you put the fun in mayor.
And that's not just me talking,
that's everyone saying.
Thanks, Rhonda.
I officially proclaim you
Happy Citizen of the Day!
Whoa! Happy Citizen of the Day?
That's a great honor.
And what do I get for this?
Uh... The maraca.
[sings a conga song]
Well, I hope you're happy.
I'm very happy.
Wait a minute, this sounds like
you're setting me up for something bad.
This party is out of control,
it's a disaster!
Is this guy bothering you?
Got a churro.
I'm not afraid to use it.
Argh!
Tom, I mean it.
Look at the mess you've made.
What? All I'm seeing are people
who love their town.
Like those dancers over there
who are dancing on that garbage pile.
Tom, that was a garden.
All right. Well, hey!
What about that cool merry-go-round
over there with the tires that you sit on?
That's an upside-down car.
Oh.
[sirens]
Is that smoke or a large number
of fog machines working in unison?
A little bit of both.
What have I done?
I have to fix this.
Security one-nine. Mayor's on the move,
we're gonna need air support.
Who are you talking to?
It's pretend, Ben.
Jeez, you really ruin everything.
Sir, I need you to stop partying!
Hey, you're yelling at me again!
Good thing I'm having so much fun
at this party, it doesn't bother me.
Huh!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Huh!
Rhonda,
I need you to give me that maraca.
Get outta here!
I just became Happy Citizen of the Day,
you can't take that back.
♪ Rhonda, Rhonda, Rhonda! ♪
[helicopter hovering]
Yeah!
Woah-oh!
Ma'am! Well, OK, yeah, just one.
Oh, man!
Hey, Tom! Why so blue?
It's a town party.
This town party is ruining the town!
And I can't make it stop.
[maniacal laughter]
Hmm. Oh, yeah! I see what you mean.
People's hands are in the air
and they're waving them
like they just don't care.
I care. Because I'm the mayor.
It's my job to care.
But now I guess it's also my job
to clean this up.
These people aren't gonna stop partying
just because you start cleaning.
If they see a broom,
they're just gonna put a wig on it
and start dancing with it.
This is it. Great idea!
Let's go!
Stop your dancing, citizens!
I'm shutting this party down!
[crowd boos]
And starting a new party.
A clean-up party!
[conga music]
[whistles]
[all] Hey!
-Hey!
-Whoo, yeah!
Hank, can you lead that conga line
all the way to the dump?
It would be my honor, Your Honor.
[all] Hey!
[all] Woo-hoo!
[all] Whoo!
[all] Hey!
So, it kind of seems
like we're doing work.
[giggles] Just dance it out!
Well, this was almost a disaster.
I guess it's not a mayor's job
to make everybody happy.
Unless you're Mayor Cheer,
from Mayor Cheer and the Smile Squad.
I'm not sure if that's an actual show
or just a toothpaste commercial.
Besides, if there was no unhappiness,
how would we know what happiness is?
Huh, if you think about it,
that's a really deep and smart thing
I just said, so... you're welcome.
So, Tom, now that this is under control,
I assume you'll be referring
to my spreadsheet
of civic infrastructure issues
for your next mayoral decision.
No, Ben, I've learned my lesson.
I don't think I'll be making
a mayor decision for a long time.
Argh!
Seriously, can you believe
how smart that thing I said was?
Maybe I should be mayor.
But that's a story for another day.
[conga music]
[upbeat music]